So we've had a talk about the new dó target metal property before and how its values actually change
depending on how a function is invoked.
The cool thing about it is we can also use it with constructor functions not just typical functions
right here.
So for example we might have a class and we'll call it rectangle because we like rectangles and then
we'll do let's say inside of here a constructor and I'm just going to set up the length length and the
width like so.
So you hear this length equal length this with equals with.
And before all of that takes place I want to do a comparison to see a canceled or log Neudorf target
equals triple equals rectangle like so then we can instantiate it.
We'll do Konst wrecked equals a new rectangle.
I'm going a little fast because you should have seen this a couple of times but now if I go ahead and
cancel it a log you'll see OK rectangle is not defined so I'll try that with an L see if that works.
And you can see it prints out.
True.
So this works pretty well.
But now what happens if I do something like this.
Class square extends rectangle inside of here.
I did find my own constructor with a length property and then I call super and just pass him the length
twice like so.
And then I do Konst Eskew are equals New Square news if it'll let me know Square.
And we go pass it to.
You can see in this case whenever we invoke the constructor of our parent using the super keyword new
dot target does not equal rectangle because in the first case yes constructor function was being invoked
with the rectangle so that target was equal to a rectangle.
But in this case we are invoking this parent constructor function via the square class so in that case
and knew dot target would actually be equal to square.
So we can actually use this for something like for example throwing an error if we wanted to create
an abstract class.
Now it's easier to do in typescript because they actually have syntax for this but essentially what
an abstract class is is a class that is never meant to be instantiated.
Rather it is meant to be used to create extensions from.
It's meant to be used as a base class so a good example of this would be like with the person example
and we had a bunch of different types of fires but they were all people we know that were never going
to have a type of fighter in our videogame just called Person.
So what we'll do is we'll use person as like an abstract class meaning that it's never meant to be instantiated
directly.
So in order to check this out what we could do is we could do something like inside of here.
We'll just do let's say inside of here will do if new dot target equals rectangle and just throw new
error.
And inside of here we'll specify rectangle can not be instantiated directly.
So now and then I set rectangle correctly.
Now if I go ahead and load this out you'll see it throws an error.
Rectangle cannot be instantiated directly.
But then if I go ahead and actually comment this out.
Let's say I comment out this instantiation right here you'll see everything works like a charm.
So this is a great way to make sure that your classes are being used the way you intend them to be.